I love math, computer science (programming), and I think they are some how doing the same thing — understanding and solving problems. Math discribes problems in an abstract and logical way; computer science studies the way based on math to solve the problems rather abstractly; computer programming tries to apply all knowledge to actually solve the problems. I my daily life, I often think about ways to solve problems using math and computer programs. Whenever I do something that I haven't done before by commputer programming, I feel sense of accomplishment and great satisfaction. After knowing stories of admirable mathematicians and computer engineers like Brook Taylor and Linus Torvalds, I became more passionate to math and computer programming, and I hope to make valuable contribution like them one day.

    In AP statistics class, we are required to have a project. I have made a little funny game that many students have played, so I decided to conduct a study based on the game. I and my friend Kevin decided to work together as a team and we choosed the relationship between the speed of the game and the player's score to be the target of the study. In the project, we applied not only knowledge learnt in the AP statstics course like sampling or regression, but also computer programming skills. During the project, I learnt more different ways of regression, how to use LaTeX, and several python packages. Since I am interested in data science and machine learning, I also learnt about support vector machine and tried to apply it in the project.

    In my spare time, I love to learn new knowledge by exploring on the internet. I learnt some basic knowledge about natural language processing and computer vision. In order to understand these knowledge better, I always need to search for concepts and theories of linear algebra, so I think it is really necessary for me to take linear algebra in grade twelve. Besides, I often apply computer programming when I play game. For instance, I used python script to simulate some random factor in the game Hearthstone to verify my calculations of probability and help me to make dicisions, and I used openCV and Quartz to do several tasks automaticly in the game Onmyoji. Application of technology in games not only helps me to play games better, but also provides me opportunities to practice and learn computer programming knowledge and skills.

404 words
